lyra
is a force of nature
she's very adventurous
seraphina finds lyra to be marvel
when he meets lyra he meets the daughter
he wishes he had
you know kid much as i like you now is
not the time
one of the joys of filming the first
season was the bond that grows between
lyra and lee scorsby
lyra has proven a match for mrs coulter
this is called a completely
underestimated lyra and she probably
underestimated her feelings for lyra in
some respect
seraphina feels like she's in presence
of someone truly good
and fantastic and she'll do anything to
protect her
i think she's just trying to find out
what's going on in the world she's very
curious
and she doesn't believe in the
establishment she doesn't believe in
rules
she just does whatever the hell she
wants i think
i think all the adults seem slightly at
odds with themselves
they're kind of lying to themselves and
each other and there's something about
lyra that is she speaks the truth and
searches the truth and she has an
instinct a very strong instinct that she
follows
i found her she represents his
link to mrs corter he knows where she is
it's a secret that he has
over mrs calter
[Music]
i'm thinking just larry because lara's
one of the only people
that doesn't treat him like an outcast
philip pullman were such a flawless
character it was very
nerve-wracking to actually do it she's
so intense she's so interesting she's
got lots of layers
she's not just every single hero that's
ever been which is good and only good
like she has a journey she starts off
being egocentric and arrogant
and she ends up being selfless
lyra obviously matures through the
trilogy of novels
and we will be doing that in kind of
almost in real time with daphne keene
she's such a great way of leading a crew
she knows how to be
kind on set and she's wonderful to act
with
careful after she
you know loses roger at the end of
season one she matures like
from that moment on we got it all
wrong daphne is an incredibly talented
actress
and the joy of watching her work
grow and watching her grow up in real
time
is kind of everything you could ask for
when you're telling the story
of his dark materials because it is a
coming-of-age story
lara what the hell are you doing she
just keeps asking questions
[Music]
lyra
you